PR: Update docs (#15)
spyder-ide/spyder-env-manager: README.md

## Features

* Create and delete Python environments
* Install, Update, change installed packages inside Python environments
* Import/Export environments (from/to `.yml` files)

> * Set the environment Python interpreter as the one Spyder uses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the environment Python interpreter as the one used by Spyder.
```
